generally recommend using remote bindings over `--remote` (#25256)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/workers/wrangler-commands/d1.mdx

- `--local` <Type text="boolean" /> <MetaInfo text="(default: true) optional" />
  - Execute commands/files against a local database for use with [wrangler dev](/workers/wrangler/commands/#dev).
- `--remote` <Type text="boolean" /> <MetaInfo text="(default: false) optional" />

>   - Execute commands/files against a remote D1 database for use with [remote binding](/workers/development-testing/#remote-bindings) or [wrangler dev --remote](/workers/wrangler/commands/#dev).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Execute commands/files against a remote D1 database for use with [remote binding](/workers/development-testing/#remote-bindings) or your deployed Worker.
```

- `--local` <Type text="boolean" /> <MetaInfo text="(default: true) optional" />
  - Export from a local database for use with [wrangler dev](/workers/wrangler/commands/#dev).
- `--remote` <Type text="boolean" /> <MetaInfo text="(default: false) optional" />

>   - Export from a remote D1 database for use with [remote binding](/workers/development-testing/#remote-bindings) or [wrangler dev --remote](/workers/wrangler/commands/#dev).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Export from a remote D1 database.
```
